OSDOCS-19540: adds gRPC support RHCL (#111522)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ref-relnotes-tech-preview.adoc

Technology Preview features provide early access to upcoming product features, enabling customers to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process. For more information, see https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview[{rh} Technology Preview Features - Scope of Support].
====

> Support for the gRCP framework::

Reviewer: "GRPCRoute policy attachment support"

This is really what has been added, specifically for AuthPolicy, RateLimitPolicy and PlanPolicy.

> Beginning with {prodname} 1.4.0, `GRPCRoute` policy attachment support as a Technology Preview feature. `GRPCRoute` policy attachment support has many built-in functions for traffic management and is the preferred solution for non-browser-based traffic. For example, when you need to push continuous updates to a client or need long-lived connections, `GRPCRoute` policy attachment support is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning with {prodname} 1.4.0, `GRPCRoute` policy attachment is supported as a Technology Preview feature. You can attach `AuthPolicy` and `RateLimitPolicy` CRs to `GRPCRoute` resources, enabling authentication and rate-limiting controls for gRPC services with native service and method matching.
```

Still seems to be listing gRPC protocol capabilities rather than GRPCRoutes.
